WeatherWise App This project is a comprehensive weather app
designed to showcase current weather conditions, hourly forecasts, and
extended 7-day forecasts in a visually appealing and informative way. It
utilizes the OpenWeatherMap API to deliver accurate and up-to-date
weather data.

Key Features Clear and concise display of current weather conditions,
including temperature, min/max temperatures, and weather description.
Hourly forecast section providing a detailed breakdown of weather
conditions across the day. 7-day daily forecast for extended weather
planning. User-friendly search functionality to easily find weather
information for any city. Beautifully designed interface utilizing CSS
for aesthetic appeal. Getting Started Prerequisites

You will need an API key from OpenWeatherMap. Sign up for a free account
at https://openweathermap.org/ to obtain your key. Installation

Clone this repository or download the ZIP file. Replace the placeholder
YOUR_API_KEY in the script.js file with your actual OpenWeatherMap API
key. Open the index.html file in your web browser to run the app. Usage
Enter a city name in the search box. Click the "Search" button. The app
will fetch and display the relevant weather data for your chosen
location. Technologies Used HTML: Defines the structure of the web page
content. CSS: Provides styling and visual presentation of the app.
JavaScript: Handles dynamic data fetching, manipulation, and updates to
the app's display. OpenWeatherMap API: Used to retrieve real-time and
forecasted weather data. Contributing Contributions are welcome! If you
have ideas for feature enhancements or find any bugs, please feel free
to:

Open an issue to report problems or suggest improvements. Fork the
repository and submit a pull request with your changes. License This
project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for
details.
